# FINTECH DATA POOL

## Summary
Social media nowadays is a good source of information and data since information is communicated through the internet and eventually through social media. This project will use APIs from  reliable sources and the information such as tweets collected from social networks (Twitter) to analyze and predict the value of the information and its influence on the development of the stock market. It also reflects the impact of stock price volatility on the market. With this application, users will have a new way to access information quickly and effectively in their investment process.\
This project will analyze the connection between stock prices of 500 S&P companies in the past two year and the tweets from news and industry leaders. We will also collect the price of Cryptocurrencies. The process will be collecting data via APIs, cleaning and sanitization of the data, mapping data sets, preparing data for analysis and finally to provide sample visualization of  value statements.\
There has been much research and articles on the interaction between social media and stock prices and how the news would affect the prices of the stock. However, these researches just gave a general overview about whether information on social media can affect the stock prices. Our project will look at the historical data in the past two year of each stock price in the 500 companies in the U.S and map with the data sets from the data that has been collected and analyzed from Twitter. Therefore, our approach is more reliable and practical since it is based on actual data as well as historical data.\

